In the day's other news:
The U.S. military's top
commander said there
will not be any changes
regarding transgender
troops for now.
President Trump tweeted
yesterday that he's reinstating
the ban on transgender service
members.
Today, in an internal memo,
Marine General and Joint Chiefs
Chairman Joe Dunford said
that pending actual direction
-- quote -- "We will continue
to treat all our personnel with
respect."
The Army's chief of staff,
General Mark Milley, echoed
that in a Washington appearance.
GEN.
MARK MILLEY, U.S. Army Chief
of Staff: We grow up and learn
to obey the chain of command.
And my chain of command is the
secretary of the Army and the
secretary of defense, right,
and the president.
So we will work through the
implementation guidance when
we get it, and then we will
move from there.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Defense
Secretary Jim Mattis has been on
vacation, and has made no public
comment on reinstating the ban.
The U.S. House of
Representatives has
approved $1.6 billion for
President Trump's proposed
wall on the Mexican border.
That's the amount he
formally asked for in May.
The vote today attached the
money to a much larger bill
that includes a major increase
in defense spending.
That now goes to the Senate.
A top Senate Republican had
sharp words for the president
today over Attorney General
Jeff Sessions.
Mr. Trump has repeatedly
attacked Sessions for
recusing himself in the
Russia investigation.
But Senator Lindsey
Graham, who we have been
hearing about, warned that
there will be -- quote
- - "holy hell" to pay
if Sessions is fired.
He also warned against
getting rid of special
counsel Bob Mueller.
SEN.
LINDSEY GRAHAM (R), South
Carolina: Any effort to go after
Mueller could be the beginning
of the end of the Trump
presidency, unless Mueller
did something wrong.
Right now, I have no
reason to believe that
Mueller is compromised.
If you got reason to believe
he is compromised and shouldn't
be serving as special counsel,
let me know.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Speaker of the
House Paul Ryan also said that
Mueller should stay where he
is and continue doing his job.
Attorney General Sessions was
traveling in El Salvador today.
He said again he will serve
as long as the president wants
him to, but he acknowledged
it hasn't been -- quote
-- "the best week."
The U.S. State Department is
condemning Iran's claim that
it launched an advanced rocket
into space.
The announcement today
said it happened at a
site east of Tehran.
State TV said the rocket
could carry a satellite
weighing about 550 pounds.
The U.S. says it could lead
to long-range missiles, and
violates the spirit of the Iran
nuclear accord.
Clashes erupted today between
Palestinians and Israeli
police near a Jerusalem mosque.
Thousands rushed to pray there
after Israel finished removing
security devices that had
triggered a boycott.
Palestinians threw stones and
Israeli police fired back with
tear gas and stun grenades.
The Red Crescent said
that 37 people were hurt.
Each side blamed the
other for the trouble.
Back in this country,
investigators are asking
why a ride at the Ohio
State Fair broke apart
Wednesday evening and
killed a teenager.
Two others were critically hurt.
This cell phone video, slowed
down, captured part of the
Fire Ball ride giving way, just
before it hurled
people to the ground.
The fair opened as
scheduled today, but all
rides were shut down.
Governor John Kasich promised
complete inspections.
GOV.
JOHN KASICH (R), Ohio: I
think about those people
that were hit by debris.
I think about that moment
when some were thrown
from that carriage.
That's a nightmare.
It's a terrible situation.
But all we can do is what is
humanly possible to make sure
that we provide the safety and
the inspections.
JUDY WOODRUFF: State
inspectors had checked the
ride before it began operating.
Now officials in several other
states are saying they have
shut down these Fire Ball
rides as well.
Kansas' embattled Governor
Sam Brownback is set to become
U.S. ambassador-at-large for
religious freedom.
The White House announced
the appointment last night.
The Republican's popularity
has plummeted over steep tax
cuts that led to severe budget
problems in Kansas.
But conservative religious
groups pushed Brownback's
nomination, for his
opposition to abortion
and to same-sex marriage.
A court in China has handed a
first-of-its-kind victory to
that country's LGBT community.
The verdict today sided
with a man who said that
he was fired from his job
for being transgender.
The court ruled that workers
cannot be discriminated
against for ethnicity,
race, gender or religion.
The head of the Boy Scouts
of America apologized
today for President
Trump's speech this week
at the Scouts'
national jamboree.
Michael Surbaugh said,
in an open letter --
quote - - "We sincerely
regret that politics were
inserted into the
scouting program."
The president appeared
Monday night before
thousands of Scouts,
visitors and staff convened
in West Virginia.
He laced his speech with a
series of partisan attacks.
And today on Wall Street,
tech stocks slumped, but the
blue chips set a new record.
The Dow Jones industrial
average gained 85 points
to close at 21796.
The Nasdaq fell 40 points,
and the S&P 500 slipped two.